README.md, before:

# Poker Kata implementation

## Poker rules description

A poker deck contains 52 cards - each card has a suit which is one of clubs, diamonds, hearts, or spades (denoted C, D,
H, and S). Each card also has a value which is one of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, jack, queen, king, ace (denoted 2, 3,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, T, J, Q, K, A). For scoring purposes, the suits are unordered while the values are ordered as given
above, with 2 being the lowest and ace the highest value.

A poker hand consists of 5 cards dealt from the deck. Poker hands are ranked by the following partial order from lowest
to highest.

- High Card: Hands which do not fit any higher category are ranked by the value of their highest card. If the highest
  cards have the same value, the hands are ranked by the next highest, and so on.
- Pair: 2 of the 5 cards in the hand have the same value. Hands which both contain a pair are ranked by the value of the
  cards forming the pair. If these values are the same, the hands are ranked by the values of the cards not forming the
  pair, in decreasing order.
- Two Pairs: The hand contains 2 different pairs. Hands which both contain 2 pairs are ranked by the value of their
  highest pair. Hands with the same highest pair are ranked by the value of their other pair. If these values are the
  same the hands are ranked by the value of the remaining card.
- Three of a Kind: Three of the cards in the hand have the same value. Hands which both contain three of a kind are
  ranked by the value of the 3 cards.
- Straight: Hand contains 5 cards with consecutive values. Hands which both contain a straight are ranked by their
  highest card.
- Flush: Hand contains 5 cards of the same suit. Hands which are both flushes are ranked using the rules for High Card.
- Full House: 3 cards of the same value, with the remaining 2 cards forming a pair. Ranked by the value of the 3 cards.
- Four of a kind: 4 cards with the same value. Ranked by the value of the 4 cards.
- Straight flush: 5 cards of the same suit with consecutive values. Ranked by the highest card in the hand.

## Notes

No input parsing required, it is sufficient to define hands in code/tests, for example as follows.

```java
public enum CardSuit {C, D, H, S}
```

```java
public enum CardValue { /* 2, 3, 4, ..., */K, A}
```

```java
public class Card {
    private CardSuit suit;
    private CardValue value; /* Constructor etc. */
}
```

```java
public static final List<Card> HAND1 = List.of(new Card(C, 4), new Card(H, K) /* etc., 5 cards */);
public static final List<Card> HAND2 = List.of(new Card(S, A), new Card(D, 7) /* etc., 5 cards */);
```

Output should be validated in tests. If stdout is used, be it through logging or directly, output should clearly state
the winning hand.

Commit message:

:memo: Add documentation regarding how to execute the project

README.md, after:

# Poker Kata implementation

## Prerequisites

- Java 24 - if you use [sdkman](https://sdkman.io/), there is a `.sdkmanrc` file that specifies the exact JDK used.
- Maven ~= 3.9.9

## Build and run this project

This project uses Maven. Thus, the well-known lifecycle phases can be used.
To run the test suite, execute the following.

```shell
mvn clean verify
```

## Poker rules description

A poker deck contains 52 cards - each card has a suit which is one of clubs, diamonds, hearts, or spades (denoted C, D,
H, and S). Each card also has a value which is one of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, jack, queen, king, ace (denoted 2, 3,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, T, J, Q, K, A). For scoring purposes, the suits are unordered while the values are ordered as given
above, with 2 being the lowest and ace the highest value.

A poker hand consists of 5 cards dealt from the deck. Poker hands are ranked by the following partial order from lowest
to highest.

- High Card: Hands which do not fit any higher category are ranked by the value of their highest card. If the highest
  cards have the same value, the hands are ranked by the next highest, and so on.
- Pair: 2 of the 5 cards in the hand have the same value. Hands which both contain a pair are ranked by the value of the
  cards forming the pair. If these values are the same, the hands are ranked by the values of the cards not forming the
  pair, in decreasing order.
- Two Pairs: The hand contains 2 different pairs. Hands which both contain 2 pairs are ranked by the value of their
  highest pair. Hands with the same highest pair are ranked by the value of their other pair. If these values are the
  same the hands are ranked by the value of the remaining card.
- Three of a Kind: Three of the cards in the hand have the same value. Hands which both contain three of a kind are
  ranked by the value of the 3 cards.
- Straight: Hand contains 5 cards with consecutive values. Hands which both contain a straight are ranked by their
  highest card.
- Flush: Hand contains 5 cards of the same suit. Hands which are both flushes are ranked using the rules for High Card.
- Full House: 3 cards of the same value, with the remaining 2 cards forming a pair. Ranked by the value of the 3 cards.
- Four of a kind: 4 cards with the same value. Ranked by the value of the 4 cards.
- Straight flush: 5 cards of the same suit with consecutive values. Ranked by the highest card in the hand.

## Notes

No input parsing required, it is sufficient to define hands in code/tests, for example as follows.

```java
public enum CardSuit {C, D, H, S}
```

```java
public enum CardValue { /* 2, 3, 4, ..., */K, A}
```

```java
public class Card {
    private CardSuit suit;
    private CardValue value; /* Constructor etc. */
}
```

```java
public static final List<Card> HAND1 = List.of(new Card(C, 4), new Card(H, K) /* etc., 5 cards */);
public static final List<Card> HAND2 = List.of(new Card(S, A), new Card(D, 7) /* etc., 5 cards */);
```

Output should be validated in tests. If stdout is used, be it through logging or directly, output should clearly state
the winning hand.
